Support binary msig (#107)
scale-it/algorand-builder: examples/multisig/README.md

goal clerk multisig signprogram -L <path>/signed.msig -a addr2 -A <multisig_hash> -d ~/<data_directory>
```

> The logic sig file generated above is a `raw binary` file. You can save this file directly in `/assets` or you can disassemble this file to a readable format (command provided below) and then save it to `/assets`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The logic sig file generated using the commands above is a binary file. To use it, you have to store it in the `/assets` directory. You can also decompile it to a readable format (command provided below) and save it to `/assets`.
```

 To disassemble the signed multisig binary 
```bash
goal clerk compile -D <path>/signed.msig
```
Paste the above output in `examples/multisig/assets/<file_name>.msig`  

> Or directly paste the raw binary file in `/assets`

Reviewer: the last line is not needed. Let's don't repeat ourselves.

Author: Ok
